README.md, before:

### Hi there, I'm Damian - aka damianFresh (Counter-Strike nickname) 👋

## I'm a Student, Engineer and an Author!

- 👮 I work as a Security Engineer at [Objectivity].
- 🔭 I used to be top600 worldwide and top20 in Poland on TryHackMe!
- 🌱 I’m currently studying Computer Science at GUT in Poland. The topic of my engineering thesis is [*Design and implementation of a didactic security testing environment for web applications*](https://github.com/damianStrojek/Security-Testing-of-Web-Applications). The second big project that I am currently working on is [*an application for monitoring the performance of a computing cluster*](https://github.com/damianStrojek/Measuring-Performance-in-Computer-Claster).
- 📚 In high school, I co-authored 3 IT-related books for technicians and students.
- 🥅 2023 Goals: Obtaining OSCP by the end of summer break.
- 🎃 Proud owner of eJPT, AZ-900, SC-900, and CompTIA Security+.
- ⚡ Fun fact: I spent around 6000 hours in Counter Strike and I train weightlifting.

### Spotify Playing 🎧

[<img src="https://img.icons8.com/doodle/48/000000/spotify.png" alt="Damian Spotify Playing" width="50px" />](https://open.spotify.com/user/xilqenuo79sn2x2v99jgtiu9y)

### Connect with me:

[<img align="left" alt="damianFresh | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://img.icons8.com/office/16/000000/linkedin.png" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="damianFresh | TryHackMe" width="22px" src="https://tryhackme.com/img/favicon.png" />][tryhackme]
[<img align="left" alt="damianFresh | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://img.icons8.com/fluency/16/000000/instagram-new.png" />][instagram]
[<img align="left" alt="damianFresh | Books" width="22px" src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/books.png" />][books]

<br />

### Languages and Tools:

[<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />][cpp]
[<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />][tools]
[<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />][tools]
[<img align="left" alt="SQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sql/sql.png" />][tools]
[<img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mysql/mysql.png" />][tools]
[<img align="left" alt="C++" width="26px" src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/c-plus-plus-logo.png" />][cpp]
[<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />][tools]
[<img align="left" alt="Python" width="26px" src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/python--v1.png" />][python]
[<img align="left" alt="Kali Linux" width="26px" src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/kali-linux.png" />][kali]
[<img align="left" alt="Windows" width="26px" src="https://img.icons8.com/office/16/000000/windows-10.png" />][tools]
[<img align="left" alt="Various pentesting tools" width="26px" src="https://img.icons8.com/color-glass/48/000000/hacker.png" />][tools]

<br />
<br />

[My private notes that I use everyday](https://strojek-damian.notion.site/Cybersec-f1d1656517874f54a886af71f76beab8)

---

### 📕 Latest LinkedIn Posts

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [My old list of pentesting tools](https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn%3Ali%3Aactivity%3A6822939909016363008/)
- [Basic step-by-step linux privilege escalation](https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn%3Ali%3Aactivity%3A6821809153791578113/)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

---

[instagram]: https://www.instagram.com/strojekdamian/
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/damianstrojek/
[books]: https://itstart.pl/presta/szukaj?controller=search&s=Damian+Strojek
[tryhackme]: https://tryhackme.com/p/damianStr
[tools]: https://strojek-damian.notion.site/Cybersec-f1d1656517874f54a886af71f76beab8
[cpp]: https://github.com/damianStrojek/Computer-Science-Algorithms
[python]: https://github.com/damianStrojek/Python-GameOfLife
[kali]: https://www.kali.org/
[Objectivity]: https://www.objectivity.co.uk/

Commit message:

HackTheBox profile and new info

README.md, after:

### Hi there, I am Damien 👋

## I'm a Student, Engineer and an Author!

- 👮 I work as a Security Engineer at [Objectivity].
- 🔭 I used to be top600 worldwide and top20 in Poland on TryHackMe!
- 🌱 I’m currently studying Computer Science at GUT in Poland. The topic of my engineering thesis is [*Design and implementation of a didactic security testing environment for web applications*](https://github.com/damianStrojek/Security-Testing-of-Web-Applications). The second big project that I am currently working on is [*an application for monitoring the performance of a computing cluster*](https://github.com/damianStrojek/Measuring-Performance-in-Computer-Claster).
- 📚 In technical high school, I co-authored [3 IT-related books for technicians and students](https://www.empik.com/szukaj/produkt?q=damian%20strojek&qtype=basicForm).
- 🥅 2023 Goals: Obtaining OSCP by the end of summer break.
- 🎃 Proud owner of eJPT, AZ-900, SC-900, and CompTIA Security+.
- ⚡ Fun fact: I spent around 6000 hours in Counter Strike and I train weightlifting.

### Spotify Playing 🎧

[<img src="https://img.icons8.com/doodle/48/000000/spotify.png" alt="Damian Spotify Playing" width="50px" />](https://open.spotify.com/user/xilqenuo79sn2x2v99jgtiu9y)

### Connect with me:

[<img align="left" alt="damianFresh | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://img.icons8.com/office/16/000000/linkedin.png" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="damianFresh | TryHackMe" width="22px" src="https://tryhackme.com/img/favicon.png" />][tryhackme]
[<img align="left" alt="damianFresh | HackTheBox" width="22px" src="https://www.hackthebox.com/images/logo-htb.svg" />][hackthebox]
[<img align="left" alt="damianFresh | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://img.icons8.com/fluency/16/000000/instagram-new.png" />][instagram]
[<img align="left" alt="damianFresh | Books" width="22px" src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/books.png" />][books]

<br />

### Languages and Tools:

[<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />][cpp]
[<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />][tools]
[<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />][tools]
[<img align="left" alt="SQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sql/sql.png" />][tools]
[<img align="left" alt="MySQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mysql/mysql.png" />][tools]
[<img align="left" alt="C++" width="26px" src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/c-plus-plus-logo.png" />][cpp]
[<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />][tools]
[<img align="left" alt="Python" width="26px" src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/python--v1.png" />][python]
[<img align="left" alt="Kali Linux" width="26px" src="https://img.icons8.com/color/48/000000/kali-linux.png" />][kali]
[<img align="left" alt="Windows" width="26px" src="https://img.icons8.com/office/16/000000/windows-10.png" />][tools]
[<img align="left" alt="Various pentesting tools" width="26px" src="https://img.icons8.com/color-glass/48/000000/hacker.png" />][tools]

<br />
<br />

[My private notes that I use everyday](https://strojek-damian.notion.site/Cybersec-f1d1656517874f54a886af71f76beab8)

---

### 📕 Latest LinkedIn Posts

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [My old list of pentesting tools](https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn%3Ali%3Aactivity%3A6822939909016363008/)
- [Basic step-by-step linux privilege escalation](https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn%3Ali%3Aactivity%3A6821809153791578113/)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

---

[instagram]: https://www.instagram.com/strojekdamian/
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/damianstrojek/
[books]: https://itstart.pl/presta/szukaj?controller=search&s=Damian+Strojek
[tryhackme]: https://tryhackme.com/p/damianStr
[tools]: https://strojek-damian.notion.site/Cybersec-f1d1656517874f54a886af71f76beab8
[cpp]: https://github.com/damianStrojek/Computer-Science-Algorithms
[python]: https://github.com/damianStrojek/Python-GameOfLife
[kali]: https://www.kali.org/
[Objectivity]: https://www.objectivity.co.uk/
[hackthebox]: https://app.hackthebox.com/profile/666612
